Points suscripciones (#1074)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/online-payments/subscriptions/integration.en.md

}
```

> NOTE
> 

> > Validation Payment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Validation payment
```

> 

> > We make a validation payment of a minimum amount, this differs according to each country, and if the payment is successful, we proceed to make the refund of that payment. This serves as a measure to safeguard that it is a valid card. The minimum values ​​are (Argentina: $ 2, Brazil: R $ 0.5, Mexico: $ 10).

Author: ```suggestion
> To prove that the card is valid, we make a validation payment with a minimum amount. If the payment is successful, we proceed with the return of that payment. The amount may differ according to each country.
```
